OK, so we're going to still be converting our units over here, but notice that we're actually not
going to be converting to the standard system for the first problem over here.
We have three point six, eight kg, and we're going to be converting that to just number of grams.
So it's going to come from the kilo to the number of grams.
So kilograms.
This is the metric system and same thing with grams.
This is just metric system right here.
So we're not even getting into the standard system or the U.S. system at all whatsoever.
So once again, we're actually just going to be looking at our conversion units over here on the right
hand side and we actually see that.
And once again, all of these actually have to do with a length or distance displacement.
We do see that this factor over here does actually have KG.
And then we're looking at these over here.
These are actually having to do with prefixes.
You actually see that we have meters and kilometers, centimeters and meters, millimeters and meters.
And these over here, we actually have to do with time.
So that's not actually going to be right.
Interested in that one either.
But like I actually said before, and the introduction is that instead of actually just looking at this
as a thousand meters and is equal to one kilometer, we can actually just say, hey, you know what,
a thousand grams is equal to one kilogram, just like a thousand milligrams is equal to one gram.
So these prefixes apply to whether it be in meters, grams or liters, wherever the case is.
So for this problem over here, once again, I'm actually just going to do by starting this off is just
writing our three point six, eight kilograms.
Multiply that by our unit conversion fracture faction to about this by one.
We have our kilograms now.
OK, so the two facts over here that we're going to be looking at are, is this one over here being
that has to do with kilograms as well as this one over here, and it has to do with kilograms as well.
So do we go from kilograms to pounds or from kilograms to grams?
OK, so it makes a lot more sense that we actually do use this one over here and not this one.
So once again, will we actually want to do is make sure that we're going to be canceling our units
so we have kilograms on the top over here and we want kilograms on the bottom over here.
How many kilograms is it?
Oh, it's just one kilogram easy.
Gold is equal to what?
It's equal to a thousand grams.
Once again, our units can.
We went from kilograms over here to number of grams.
That's what we're our end goal is.
And we do have grams up here.
So that's a good indicator that we're done with this problem.
All we have to do is put in the calculator and we are done so in the calculator.
Just write it in like this three point sixty eight times are 1000.
Divide this by one times one or you just plug it in just like as it is and we'll get our answer.
So we have three thousand six hundred eighty grams.
And once again, what this really is saying is that three point sixty eight kilograms is equal to three
thousand six hundred eighty.
Grams, so once again, this over here, we're going from centimeters to number meters, centimeters
is the metric system and meters is also the metric system.
So once again, we're actually not going to be converting into the standard system at all whatsoever.
OK, so let's just start this off.
So we have 563 centimeters.
And I know what I heard now that we're going to be doing cancellation over here, so we want Sandomierz
on bomb, all we have to do is just come over here.
These are all the ones who actually have to do with Submenus.
I see right up here.
We have centimetres over there.
So we have centimeters and meters.
Once again, we're going from centimeters to meters.
So it does make a lot of sense that we're actually going to be using the stack over here.
Notice that none of these other facts actually has to do with centimeters.
So how many centimeters is it?
It's 100 centimeters is equal to, what, one meter?
Once again, our units will cancel out.
We have centimeters on top, centimeters on time.
They can slow and we're going from centimeters to meters on the top.
Over here, we have meters.
So that's a good indicator to us that we're done with this problem over here.
And when we tosteson clear, what does that do?
563 times one divided by one times a hundred, and this is equal to five point six three meters, once
again, just telling us that 563 centimeters is equal to five point six three meters.